Add explicit types for `WHO_AM_I` values. (#15)
eldruin/lsm303agr-rs: CHANGELOG.md

- [breaking-change] Simplify API by using explicit types for each measurement.
- Minimum supported Rust version has been upgraded to 1.54.0.
- Pass delay into functions to handle turn-on times.

> - Add explicit types for `WHO_AM_I` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add explicit types for accelerometer and magnetometer IDs.
```
